fixed #1154 (#1161)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/ref-operators-cluster-operator-configuration.adoc

`STRIMZI_DEFAULT_TLS_SIDECAR_ENTITY_OPERATOR_IMAGE`:: Optional, default `strimzi/entity-operator-stunnel:latest`.
The image name to use as the default when deploying the sidecar container which provides TLS support for the Entity Operator, if
no image is specified as the `Kafka.spec.entityOperator.tlsSidecar.image` in the xref:assembly-configuring-container-images-deployment-configuration-kafka[].

`STRIMZI_VOLUME_MOUNT_INIT_IMAGE`:: Optional, default `busybox`.
The image to use as default for the init container required for volume mounting on kubernetes.

> If a persistent volume claim is requested and the running cluster is a Kubernetes one there is an hack on volume mounting which needs an "init-container".

Reviewer: Maybe we should explain better what this hack does?

Author: Thanks for the suggestion & quick reply. Do you need any more details?

> If a persistent volume claim is requested and the running cluster is a Kubernetes one there is an hack on volume mounting which needs an "init-container".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a persistent volume claim is requested and the running cluster is Kubernetes this image will be used to execute an "init-container" to `chown` of volume mount path to that it is accessible by the main pod container.
```
